and
i
to the mania of English as well as sure
you will know the summer has already arrived so I decided
I 'm going to make some videos from today
related to summer and it was declared
guilty of going to bed late
and I at least have put on super
meat usually past midnight
if I know it's a bad habit that I have
to leave as I have already become very expensive
and also but very early generally
really hungry so what I do is
that I prepare a small one that is
fast and healthy and to start with
this series of summer videos today them
I'm going to teach some snacks
healthy super delicious and that
do in less than five minutes are 4
snacks that are ridiculously easy
that practically he and he needed to do
a video about that but how do I know
we the little fingers learn more
looking at things as they are made I decided
I'm going to do it as I always tell you
do not forget to subscribe to this channel that
you are watching this video and the little button
red that you see there below so you do not
miss notifications every time I
upload a new video and what do you think
we think that this video arrive so
reciento least the fingers up and so
I know you like food videos
they also help me a lot very much
very much that my channel was made to me
know others follow part of this
video or any other video that I
have with your friends
within their social networks like the
twitter and space and now let's stop
talk and let's start
do not be fooled by this that his
doll is because I tell you that this
favorite way and snack I loved it
how do you know the mix of your two
ingredients simply use cheese
fat-free cottage and some prey what
which is and also of course a container
to mix what he did also served
a quantity of cheese does not appear in the
that you think you're going to eat depending
the little girl you have and pique a strawberry
and I put it on top of the cheese and
serve only with those two
ingredients if I tell them that I loved it
this super delicious snack and if you are
Fan No. 2 butter
peanuts because I declare myself the first
doll this second veriana is going to
love using tortillas de casabe
It is a comprehensive made based
yucca a banana and peanut butter
course what he did was something very simple
spread the tortilla de casabe with
butter and then take a little
of the video and chop it in slices
then I just put it on the top
on top of the tortilla and it was at the end
this beautiful
vicious snack
for the third snack we are going to go
for the more vegetarian side because what
that you here were these little
baby carrots which I love
and from to see that it is jo bus is
made with chickpeas, it tastes very good
really dolls I just followed a
little bit of the masters and decorate it
around with some baby carrots and
I was gathering them and I was eating them and
this you know super delicious of course
they can substitute the carrot for another
vegetable and for the last snack we go
to come back with one of the ingredients
my favorites that is the butter of
peanut with other ingredients good not very
different but yes I will use the
money that I had left of the recipe
previous peanut butter and some
chopped almonds what I did was that
I took this video split it in two and then
I re-divided it into two as well as type
sandwich lift peanut butter
to each of the halves and you can
put on top I put the almonds
minced I really recommend you
try this dolls combination because
peanut butter money
almonds are a super snack
religious and as they saw very easy and
quick to do
very good dolls up here the video of
today I hope you liked it
very much what they saw is short I know
but as I told you, they are ridiculously
easy is that I would like me
you said here under the comments that
snacks once you are commercial
during the day or so very late in the
night because I'm always in
search for something new to eat and
Now let's send greetings to the
first five people that always what
they asked in the previous video
they are diana combed i promised you that
would be the first also valentinas
flowers alan a vargas rose moon noemí and
sonia rosemary all sent a kiss
from here and a strong strong hug and
thank you very much put my videos if
You want me to give my greetings in the
next video last dismissal down on
the comments I'll choose the
first five people that like that I
remove
today he also comes up with some idea that
want to watch video related to
the summer also leaving well below in
the comments because although I have
some ideas I'm also encouraged the
possibility of hearing what are the
videos that you want
because that's why we're taking off the
things that you like
today dolls up here the video today
I hope you liked the ideas
that I teach them and that if they do it
please keep them in my networks
social some pictures are taken like this
very nice so that I can
share them with other people and
also that you encourage yourself to share this
video with others like I told you before
beginning of match I have my video
previous in which you see as well as a
I kiss a toyota in the face that is like
so you all laugh at me
but it's great that I think relax
and also that next I leave my networks
social and we also carry the box of
information I leave my social networks
also and this monster cited not that
Versailles to subscribe to me
channel and do not miss any new video
remember that all the videos were
Sundays so stay feel and
attentive so that none are lost and
Now, like I'm talking a lot
so we ask for dolls